# python_api_challenge
Module 6 Assignment
For this assignment I used openweathermap to generate an API key for my WeatherPy document and Geoapify for my geoapify_key for my CityPy document.

In WeatherPY: Information was taken on March 5th, 2024. We have a set of 618 cities, four figures (fig1, fig2, fig3, fig4) and a computation of linear regression for each of the four figures, sepearated by the northern and southern hemispheres. For this code, I used linregress to find slope, intercept, rvalue, pvalue, stderr, plt to plot our scatter plots and regression lines, a for loop to fetch the information for each city, and dataframes to create a dataframe. Additionally, I used .dtypes to check for the dtype of dates and converted it by using .astype({"Date": "datetime64[s]"}). To change the dtype I used this website: https://numpy.org/doc/stable/reference/arrays.datetime.html 

In CityPy I took the cities.csv file in resources that was generated from the WeatherPY data and first created a point for every city in the city_data_df DataFrame. Next I narrowed the city_data_df to find my ideal weather condition. For this I used a max temperature of less than 50, a windspeed greater than 4, and cloudiness equal to zero. I then created a new DataFrame that added a blank column labeled 'Hotel Name' and dropped 4 columns (City_ID, Max Temp, Cloudiness, Windspeed). I then used the Geoapify website for the places document (https://apidocs.geoapify.com/docs/places/#about), it helped me in creating my circle, finding the category, fixing syntax errors, and creating my bias. I then plotted the new DataFrame and used hover_cols to show the hotel name and country when hovering the City (https://stackoverflow.com/questions/59678780/show-extra-columns-when-hovering-in-a-scatter-plot-with-hvplot).